feat: add pr template from osx (#8)
aragon/admin-plugin: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Description

Please include a summary of the change and be sure you follow the contributions rules we do provide [here](./CONTRIBUTIONS.md)

Task ID: [OS-?](https://aragonassociation.atlassian.net/browse/OS-?)

## Type of change

See the framework lifecylce in `packages/contracts/docs/framework-lifecycle` to decide what kind of change this pull request is.

<!--- Please delete options that are not relevant. -->

- [ ] Bug fix (non-breaking change which fixes an issue)
- [ ] New feature (non-breaking change which adds functionality)
- [ ] Breaking change (fix or feature that would cause existing functionality to not work as expected)

## Checklist:

- [ ] I have selected the correct base branch.
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own code.
- [ ] I have commented my code, particularly in hard-to-understand areas.
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings.
- [ ] Any dependent changes have been merged and published in downstream modules.
- [ ] I ran all tests with success and extended them if necessary.

> - [ ] I have updated the `CHANGELOG.md` file in the root folder.
> - [ ] I have updated the `DEPLOYMENT_CHECKLIST` file in the root folder.
> - [ ] I have updated the `UPDATE_CHECKLIST` file in the root folder.

Reviewer: None of those files are in the root folder, I think we could let the changelog and maybe add a Readme, wdyt?

```suggestion
- [ ] I have updated the `CHANGELOG.md` file.
- [ ] I have updated the `README` in the root folder.
```

Author: Will create tasks for this
